Great coach now too.
He was in a Colby Covington scorner this weekend and I told me after the fight,
he's like,
dude,
this kid's cardio is insane.
He's like,
it's insane.
He goes,
I think it might be like a,
just a natural gift that he has.
I mean,
he trains really,
really hard,
but he said his cardio it just off the charts.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Interesting.
It's funny how much attention,
he's like,
man,
I don't know if he wasn't that good before,
but it seems like he got a ton of fucking intention.
That's when he started talking shit.
Oh,
for sure.
I mean just talking shit or in the room.
Yeah,
well the talking shit got him to the dance,
but beating my,
the way he beat my ass,
everybody had to open their eyes up and go,
Huh.
But a lot of people had doubts.
They were like,
dos,
he's a fucking straight up assassin.
He's going in there again against,
they got fucked up.
Robbie Lawler,
Gow Merch,
Neil Magni like how's he going to beat this guy?
And he beat the shit out of him.
Yeah.
He literally beat him every round.
It was crazy like he watching,
I mean maybe you could give the first round of Dos Anjos and you know he was
always a threat because he's still got power but Colby just on and it was like
Nick Diaz style just pop,
pop constantly.
Constant attack,
constant kicking them,
constant punching him.
I was very impressed.
Very impressed.
A watch,
see it.
So I can't really say very impressive men that the most impressive thing was the
pace he put on them cause they'll,
Santos is known for his cardio and he had a real problem with that cardio when
he was at one 55 cause he had diminished his body so much and then he moves up
to one 70 and you're like,
well now he literally doubled his output.
If you look at the strikes per minute in the 155 pound division and then one 70
it was double at one 70 and still Colby melted him.
Just just stayed,
stayed on and kept that heat on.
It was crazy.
That's impressive.
Very impressive.
But now he's got tyrant.
So mad Tyron wants to fucking kill him.
That that's a different person like Tyron has.
It's a myth because he hates him.
It's all the shit talking Colby has been doing.
He did.
He did interviews with people.
We told them don't bring up Colbys name.
I don't want you to even bring up his name because he didn't want Colby getting
any attention.
But now it's too late.
Now he's got way anyone's name other than his brother all the time on any show
ever.
Period.
Ever.
If I ever get a fight now,
he should be happy.
That guy talks a lot of shit now because that's what gonna make them money.
You're right.
I mean good for both of them.
Fuck yeah,
go for it.
How do you feel about shed talking?
I was never shit talker but because I never wanted to be that guy.
That Shit Talk Shit.
Come back it up.
So I like when people talk shit cause I'm gonna beat your ass anyway.
But you know it works for some.
It doesn't.
Like I said,
for me it was not,
I was never one of those guys,
but it has been one of those things that like you see every,
every couple of years,
it's those one guy that stands out from talking shit,
and it's like I had worked for him.
Then you start to see everybody tried to trickle it.
Right.
Well,
I think Connor did that for a lot of people,
but Colby saying some hilarious shit.
I'm gonna take this belt,
bring it to Donald Trump.
He's going to
fucking,
it's fucking fun though,
man.
Working Shell did chose like,
it's obviously fun,
like just,
it's obviously bullshit,
but it's,
it fucking works.
Yeah,
exactly.
But Chels still the best of you.
Make me go watch him talk about anything.
Yeah.